For Halloween Debby and her sister combined the candy they received. Debby had 32 pieces of candy while her sister had 42. If they ate 35 pieces the first night, how many pieces do they have subject?
A pet store had 13 siamese cats and 5 house cats. During a sale they sold 10 cats. How many cats do they have subject?
The school cafeteria ordered 42 red apples and 7 green apples for students lunches. But, if only 9 students wanted fruit, how many extra did the cafeteria end up with?
Lana picked 36 tulips and 37 roses to make flower bouquets. If she only used 70 of the flowers though, how many extra flowers did Lana pick?
Carol and her mom were picking carrots from their garden. Carol picked 29 and her mother picked 16. If only 38 of the carrots were good, how many bad carrots did they have?
Roger had 16 dollars. For his birthday he got 28 more dollars but spent 25 on a new game. How much money does he have now?
Rachel bought two coloring books. One had 23 pictures and the other had 32. After one week she had already colored 44 of the pictures. How many pictures does she still have to color?
Ned had to wash 9 short sleeve shirts and 21 long sleeve shirts before school. If he had only washed 29 of them by the time school started, how many did he not wash?
Faye had 46 math problems and 9 science problems for homework. If she finished 40 of the problems at school, how many problems did she have to do for homework?
Amy had 4 music files and 21 video files on her flash drive. If she deleted 23 of the files, how many files were still on her flash drive?
At the arcade, Tom won 32 tickets playing 'whack a mole' and 25 tickets playing 'skee ball'. If he spent 7 of his tickets on a hat, how many tickets does Tom have subject?
There were 39 girls and 4 boys trying out for the schools basketball team. If only 26 of them got called back, how many students didn't make the cut?
At the schools book fair Sam bought 13 adventure books and 17 mystery books. If 15 of the books were used, how many new books did he buy?
Edward started his own lawn mowing business. In the spring he made 2 dollars mowing lawns and in the summer he made 27 dollars. If he had to spend 5 dollars buying supplies, how much money did he end up with?
While shopping, Maria bought 35 green towels and 21 white towels. If she gave her mother 34 of them, how many towels did Maria end up with?
A waiter at 'The Greasy Spoon' restaurant had 29 customers to wait on. During the lunch rush he added another 20 customers. If 34 of the customers didn't leave him a tip, how many customers did leave a tip?
For the school bake sale Carol made 30 cupcakes. If she sold 9 of them and then made 28 more, how many cupcakes would she have?
A book store had 41 books in the bargin bin. If they sold 33 books, but then put 2 more in the bin, how many books would be in the bin?
At the fair there were 9 people in line for the bumper cars. If 6 of them got tired of waiting and subject and 3 more got in line, how many people would be in line?
Paige had 8 songs on her mp3 player. If she deleted 5 old songs from it and then added 30 new songs, how many songs does she have on her mp3 player?
Tiffany was playing a video game and had 43 lives. In a hard part of the game she lost 14 lives. If she got 27 more lives in the next level, how many lives would she have?
Maria had 14 bottles of water in her fridge. If she drank 8 of them and then bought 45 more, how many bottles would she have?
At the town carnival Billy rode the ferris wheel 7 times and the bumper cars 3 times. If each ride cost 5 tickets, how many tickets did he use?
Chloe was unboxing some of her old winter clothes. She found 4 boxes of clothing and inside each box there were 2 scarves and 6 mittens. How many pieces of winter clothing did Chloe have total?
April's discount flowers was having a sale where each flower was 3 dollars. If Emily bought 2 roses and 2 daisies, how much did she spend?
Isabel had 2 pages of math homework and 4 pages of reading homework. If each page had 5 problems on it, how many problems did she have to complete total?
Wendy was playing a video game where she scores 5 points for each treasure she finds. If she found 4 treasures on the first level and 3 on the second, what would her score be?
There were 7 friends playing a video game online when 2 more players joined the game. If each player had 7 lives, how many lives did they have total?
Paul bought 6 boxes of chocolate candy and 4 boxes of caramel candy. If each box has 9 pieces inside it, how much candy did he have total?
A pet store has 6 bird cages. If each cage has 6 parrots and 2 parakeets in it, how many birds does the pet store have total?
Rachel was organizing her book case making sure each of the shelves had exactly 9 books on it. If she had 6 shelves of mystery books and 2 shelves of picture books, how many books did she have total?
At Billy's Restaurant a group with 2 adults and 5 children came in to eat. If each meal cost 3 dollars, how much was the bill?
While playing a trivia game, Adam answered 5 questions correct in the first half and 5 questions correct in the second half. If each question was worth 5 points, what was his final score?
Haley's favorite band was holding a concert where tickets were 4 dollars each. Haley bought 3 tickets for herself and her friends and 5 extra tickets in case anyone else wanted to go. How much did she spend?
Luke was putting his spare change into piles. He had 5 piles of quarters and 5 piles of dimes. If each pile had 3 coins in it, how many coins did he have total?
Victor and his friend were buying trick decks from the magic shop for 8 dollars each. How much did they spend if Victor bought 6 decks and his friend bought 2 decks?
Wendy bought 4 new chairs and 4 new tables for her house. If she spent 6 minutes on each piece furniture putting it together, how many minutes did it take her to finish?
George was working as a sacker at a grocery store where he made 5 dollars an hour. On Monday he worked 7 hours and on Tuesday he worked 2 hours. How much money did George make in those two days?
While shopping for music online, Megan bought 2 country albums and 8 pop albums. Each album came with a lyric sheet and had 7 songs. How many songs did Megan buy total?
A waiter had 6 tables he was waiting on, with 3 women and 5 men at each table. How many customers total did the waiter have?
Robin uploaded 35 pictures from her phone and 5 from her camera to facebook. If she sorted the pics into 5 different albums with the same amount of pics in each album, how many pictures were in each of the albums?
Olivia was making baggies of cookies with 9 cookies in each bag. If she had 13 chocolate chip cookies and 41 oatmeal cookies, how many baggies could she make?
Luke made 9 dollars mowing lawns and 18 dollars weed eating. If he only spent 3 dollar a week, how long would the money last him?
There school's baseball team had 48 new players and 6 returning players. If the coach put them into groups with 6 players in each group, how many groups would there be?
For a birthday party Jerry bought 41 regular sodas and 22 diet sodas. If his fridge would only hold 9 on each shelf, how many shelves would he fill up?
For every 4 pounds they recycled they earned one point. If Paige recycled 14 pounds and her friends recycled 2 pounds, how many points did they earn?
For homework Nancy had 17 math problems and 15 spelling problems. If she can finish 8 problems in an hour how long will it take her to finish all the problems?
The schools debate team had 11 boys and 45 girls on it. If they were split into groups of 7 how many groups could they make?